Ok ok
I raised a good son
Auntie, don't be angry.
I'll take you to the lounge first
aunt
Or are you sensible?
You are also wronged today.
It's okay auntie
I just don't get it.
What do you think is so good about that little bitch?
Let him make trouble with me again and again
I think I saw him in a bar before
He is with a man
Just make it clear
I saw him cuddling with a man
Hug and go to open a room
That Man?
He obviously just met at a bar
His one-night stand with a strange man
How dare he cheat and stop the boat?
Auntie, don't be angry
Maybe I read it wrong
You say
Which bar?
When?
It's like June 18th, 1987. Bar
Fortunately, I found someone to wipe the surveillance in advance
Lao Wang, please check it for me.
Did Yunyao go to the 1987 bar on June 18?
The old lady was indeed there that night
It's true.
Spent a night in a bar with a guy
However, the surveillance only saw the back of the man
I don't know who it is.
I don't care who he is.
It's a fact that you're going to cheat
King, please help me with something
This time I'm going to beat him to death.